fix(express): fix auth middleware in serverless functions (#2494)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: website/src/content/concepts/integrate-with-your-own-api.mdx

- `jwks` (_object_): See [options of `jwks-rsa`](https://github.com/auth0/node-jwks-rsa/).

- `getRequestUrl` (_function_): Returns the URL (URI path + query string) of the `request` to validate the audience. Use this in case the `request` object does not contain either an `originalUrl` or an `url` property (see serverless example below for using AWS Lambda functions).

  ```ts

>   type function getRequestUrl(request: Request): string;

Reviewer: Missing closing code block backticks (github suggestion ignore them apparently.

Author: Updated in this commit e4be0ae17a4678626bf426a1c7ab237e458a00d1

- `jwks` (_object_): See [options of `jwks-rsa`](https://github.com/auth0/node-jwks-rsa/).

> - `getRequestUrl` (_(request) => string_): In case the middleware don't get an Express Request object as first parameter (see AWS Lambda example below), you need to provide this function to extract the full URL from the received object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `getRequestUrl` (_function_): Returns the URL (URI path + query string) of the `request` to validate the audience. Use this in case the `request` object does not contain either a property `originalUrl` or `url` (see serverless example below for using AWS Lambda functions).

  ```ts
  type function getRequestUrl(request: Request): string;
  ```
```

};
```

> There are other providers that do not pass a Node.js/Express `Request` to the handler as AWS lambda functions do.
> In that context, the handler will receive an `Event` ([reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-create-api-as-simple-proxy-for-lambda.html)) object with a different structure.
> As the verifier needs to access the original URL to validate the JWT and it will not find it in the expected attribute,
> you would need to provide a custom option when creating the verifier to resolve it.
> 
> This is an example of validating the JWT for AWS Lambda Functions ([v2 payload](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/http-api-develop-integrations-lambda.html))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other cloud providers might not use a standard Node.js/Express `request` object. For example AWS Lambda functions  receive an [`Event` object](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-create-api-as-simple-proxy-for-lambda.html) with different properties.

In these cases you need to implement the `getRequestUrl` function to correctly map the expected URL (URI path + query string). The following example shows how to map an AWS Lambda function [event](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/http-api-develop-integrations-lambda.html).
```

};
```

> Other cloud providers might not use a standard Node.js/Express `request` object. For example AWS Lambda functions receive an [`Event` object](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-create-api-as-simple-proxy-for-lambda.html) with different properties.

Author: FYI @commercetools/tech-writers

> Other cloud providers might not use a standard Node.js/Express `request` object. For example AWS Lambda functions receive an [`Event` object](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-create-api-as-simple-proxy-for-lambda.html) with different properties.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Other cloud providers might not use a standard Node.js/Express `request` object. For example AWS Lambda functions receive an [`event` object](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/api-gateway-create-api-as-simple-proxy-for-lambda.html) with different properties.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion.

Updated in this commit 8991f1078f37d0b2ea7f6e8e8dbc389387c8a64b

In these cases you need to implement the `getRequestUrl` function to correctly map the expected URL (URI path + query string). The following example shows how to map an AWS Lambda function [event](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/http-api-develop-integrations-lambda.html).

```js highlightLines="9"
const {
  createSessionAuthVerifier,
  CLOUD_IDENTIFIERS,
} = require('@commercetools-backend/express');

const sessionAuthVerifier = createSessionAuthVerifier({
  audience: 'https://my-api-server.com',
  issuer: CLOUD_IDENTIFIERS.GCP_EU,
  getRequestUrl: (event) => `${event.rawPath}${event.rawQueryString ? '?' + event.rawQueryString : ''}`
});

exports.handler = async function (event, context) {
  try {
    await sessionAuthVerifier(event, context);
  } catch (error) {
    return {
      statusCode: 401,
      body: JSON.stringify({ message: 'Unauthorized' }),
    };
  }
  // `event.session` contains the useful information
};

> ```

Reviewer: FYI @commercetools/tech-writers
